Epic E01: Project Scaffolding & Domain Setup

1. Title: Initialize Base Project Structure
   User Story: As a DEVOPS ENGINEER I want to scaffold the Spring Boot project with core modules So that the team has a standardized foundation for development.
   Acceptance Criteria:
     Scenario: Successful project initialization
     Given a clean repository
     When I run the initialization script
     Then the project builds and runs on port 8080 and the base package structure is created
   Additional Details: Priority: High, Story Points: 3, Dependencies: None, Notes: Include README with build/run steps.

2. Title: Database Migration Setup
   User Story: As a DEVELOPER I want Flyway/Liquibase configured for DB migrations So that schema changes are managed consistently.
   Acceptance Criteria:
     Scenario: Baseline migration runs
     Given a new database
     When I start the application
     Then Flyway/Liquibase runs the baseline migration and tables are created
   Additional Details: Priority: High, Story Points: 2, Dependencies: E01, Notes: Migration scripts must be versioned.

3. Title: Health Endpoint Availability
   User Story: As an ADMIN I want an Actuator health endpoint So that I can monitor service status.
   Acceptance Criteria:
     Scenario: Health endpoint returns UP
     Given the application is running
     When I access /actuator/health
     Then the response status is UP
   Additional Details: Priority: High, Story Points: 1, Dependencies: E01, Notes: Should cover edge case where DB is down.

4. Title: Documentation for Setup
   User Story: As a DEVELOPER I want a README with build/run steps So that onboarding is easy.
   Acceptance Criteria:
     Scenario: README completeness
     Given the repository
     When I open README.md
     Then it contains build, run, and migration instructions
   Additional Details: Priority: High, Story Points: 1, Dependencies: E01, Notes: README must be updated with every major change.

5. Title: Error Handling on Startup
   User Story: As a DEVOPS ENGINEER I want clear error messages on failed startup So that issues can be diagnosed quickly.
   Acceptance Criteria:
     Scenario: Startup fails due to missing DB
     Given the DB is unreachable
     When I start the application
     Then a descriptive error is logged and the service does not start
   Additional Details: Priority: Medium, Story Points: 2, Dependencies: E01, Notes: Log errors to file and console.