Epic E04: Time & Attendance (Clock In/Out)

1. Title: Clock-In Event Capture
   User Story: As a WORKER I want to clock in with device and location data So that my attendance is accurately recorded.
   Acceptance Criteria:
     Scenario: Valid clock-in
     Given my shift has started
     When I POST /attendance/clock-in with device and location
     Then my clock-in event is recorded and associated with my shift
   Additional Details: Priority: High, Story Points: 2, Dependencies: E02,E03, Notes: Geofence optional.

2. Title: Missed Punch Correction Workflow
   User Story: As a SUPERVISOR I want to approve corrections for missed punches So that attendance records are accurate.
   Acceptance Criteria:
     Scenario: Correction approval
     Given a missed punch request
     When I approve the correction
     Then the attendance record is updated and approval logged
   Additional Details: Priority: High, Story Points: 2, Dependencies: E04, Notes: Audit approval.

3. Title: Daily Totals Calculation
   User Story: As an HR I want daily totals of hours worked per shift So that payroll is accurate.
   Acceptance Criteria:
     Scenario: Totals computed
     Given clock-in/out events for a day
     When I request daily totals
     Then the correct hours are calculated and available for export
   Additional Details: Priority: High, Story Points: 2, Dependencies: E04, Notes: Handle overnight shifts.

4. Title: Error Handling for Invalid Clock-In
   User Story: As a WORKER I want to receive an error if I clock in outside allowed location So that compliance is enforced.
   Acceptance Criteria:
     Scenario: Geofence violation
     Given my location is outside allowed area
     When I POST /attendance/clock-in
     Then a 400 error is returned with reason
   Additional Details: Priority: Medium, Story Points: 1, Dependencies: E04, Notes: Error message must specify location.

5. Title: Attendance Report Export
   User Story: As an ADMIN I want to export attendance reports in CSV So that I can analyze attendance data.
   Acceptance Criteria:
     Scenario: Export attendance
     Given attendance data exists
     When I request export
     Then a CSV file is generated with all relevant fields
   Additional Details: Priority: Medium, Story Points: 2, Dependencies: E04, Notes: Support date range filter.